refactor!: prqlc-parser major reorg changes, remove prqlc-ast (#4634)
PrQL/prql: CHANGELOG.md

**Internal changes**:

> - Major reorganization of `prqlc-parser`. Files have been re-arranged and
>   exports have changed
> 
> - Deprecated `prqlc-ast`. Functionality and objects were moved to `prqlc-parser`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Major reorganization of `prqlc-parser` — `prqlc-ast` is merged into `prqlc-parser`, and `prqlc-parser`'s files are rearranged, including its exports. This is part of an effort to modularize the compiler by stage, reducing the amount of context that's required to understand a single stage. There will likely be some further changes (more detail in the PR description). (@m-span, #4634)
  -  This is a breaking change for any libraries that use `prqlc-parser` which should be fairly rare.
```

(I actually wiped it `prqlc-ast`; don't think there's any need to keep it around...)

**Internal changes**:

- Major reorganization of `prqlc-parser` — `prqlc-ast` is merged into
  `prqlc-parser`, and `prqlc-parser`'s files are rearranged, including its
  exports. This is part of an effort to modularize the compiler by stage,
  reducing the amount of context that's required to understand a single stage.
  There will likely be some further changes (more detail in the PR description).
  (@m-span, #4634)

>   - This is a breaking change for any libraries that use `prqlc-parser` which
>     should be fairly rare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This is a breaking change for any libraries that depend on `prqlc-parser` (which
    should be fairly rare).
```
